Im really boutta get to flaming on yo ass my nigga tell me why you built like a retarded drill sargeant that pulled 4 fire alarms and got shot in the thigh 8 times my nigga.

My nigga dont let me get on yo “not even bob the builder can fix my face” headass nigga tell me why you pulled down your facemask and someone called you atomic breath.

Im really on yo shit you dumb ass retarded beetle juice looking ass nigga you look like jimmy neutron if he drank monster mixed with gfuel my nigga im on yo shit.

My nigga tell me why i found you taking a shit behind your local H-E-B you really bout dumb ass shit boy tell me why you look like dory from finding nemo im on yo shit.

Nigga your head looks like a dorito my nigga you got that shit from phineas and ferb tell me why i saw you beating your meat to dora the explora at the middle of the night while saying “drop the beat” you dumb ass nigga gothic emo ass nigga.


[Rhyme Pack] Shut up nigga yo name is chase finna leave you in a daze finna have yo ass in gaze after i destroy yo face.

Shut yo dumb ass up nigga tell me why I indian burned your mom in the ankle and i had the bitch saying she was indiana jones my nigga you bout nasty ass shit tell me why i saw you buying faze rug gfuel then washing your face with it nigga.

[Rhyme Pack] Boy you dumb like shit im finna make you do a 360 spin yesterday i saw you playing with bricks, yesterday your cousin’s dog had you embraced my nigga even a animal left you in daze you bum ass nigga you really bout dirty ass shit. 

Shut up you dumb ass nigga i’ll get on yo shit too my nigga i know you aint trynna talk back to me nigga I’ll slap your tounge back into your mouth my nigga you upside down weird body shaped ass nigga. You built like a snowcone wearing a Yankees jersey my nigga you look like the retarded fro-zone.

Shut the fuck up you nasty ass bitch you think you can pack my nigga let me teach you who can pack my nigga i’ll really get on yo shit you dumb ass nigga tell me why you went outside and got a notification and it was your school saying you had the pacer test my nigga then you went outside to train and started hyperventilating in the first 7 seconds you weak ass nigga.
    
[Rhyme Pack] If you think you a troll you aint a funny one my nigga you pack like shit i’ll throw your dead body in a ditch then imma call your mom a bitch my nigga you a snitch finna leave you with a stitch.

Shut the fuck up bitch ass nigga your jokes are ass my nigga tell me why you built like the special ed geico lizard my nigga im on yo bobby shurmda generic special ed cousin headass my nigga i’ll really get on yo bitch ass my nigga your name is ass its straight up wack my nigga.

Im on yo shit my nigga you straight up a bitch you a hoe no cap you look like you’d give a pair of old niggas BJS my nigga you nasty as shitttt im on yo ass nigga.

Nigga yo head so fucking big you had a arguement with jimmy neutron about who had a bigger head my nigga then he called you a bitch and hit you in the side of your head with melted cheese nigga.

Shut up my nigga tell me why you went to your grandpa and you said “i prefer dicks over blicks” you dumb ass nigga im really on yo shit my nigga you fat booger head shaped ass nigga you dirty as fuck. Tell me why yo momma got covid and shat out a plastic straw nigga.

You nasty as shit nigga tell me why i found you giving a crackhead a blowjob for 4 and half quarters my nigga you was wearing a spongebob PJ whenever u went to sleep at 4 AM while playing fortnite arena with -8 points nigga im on yo shit boy.

Shut up nigga tell me why I saw you going to a gumball machine and putting monopoly money you broke ass butt-chin having ass nigga im on yo shit my nigga you really nasty as shit i caught you playing tower of hell with hellen keller.

Shut up before i smack you with a stack of cash that you probably dont even have you lil broke boy im gonna smack you in the back of the head and send you straight to your death bed weird ass bitch.

Im really about to get on yo shit tell me why i caught yo mom sucking someones dick in the corner of K-mart for a blue yeti my nigga you dirty as shit i hit you with a cup of baked beans nigga.

Ok my nigga I may stutter but you look like fucked up butter now im finna get on yo ass you distorted banana built ass nigga tic-tac deep-throating built ass nigga im on yo shit you fat chicken neck having ass bitch.

Shut yo ass up my nigga tell me why you went up to your grandpa with PTSD and showed him cold war and he got paralyzed from WW2 flash-backs my nigga you bout dirty as fuck nigga.

Shut the fuck up you nasty bitch you nasty as shit you floss your teeth with your TV cord my nigga you nasty as shit you look like you drink lube and use condoms as water balloons my nigga.

Shut up bitch you nasty as fuck yesterday I saw you walking around the corner of Walmart searching for snow-flakes in the summer my nigga you dumb as shit.
Tell me why you added your grandpa on discord and used a soundboard on him nigga you nasty as shit you tried to loud-mic an autistic racoon my nigga im on yo shit you fat head ass nigga.

You nasty as shit i saw you flossing your teeth with Ice-Sickles my nigga you nasty as fuck boy tell me why I saw you drinking listerine to make your breath smell better nasty ass bitch.

Shut yo dumb ass up bitch tell me why you farted in a bottle and then squeezed it to smell it my nigga you nasty as fuck boy you went outside to catch lightning in a bottle and that shit struck your thigh and you started calling yourself Thunder thighs.

You nasty as shit tell me why I saw you trying to throw up on purpose so that you could get out of school my nigga then the nurse bitch slapped you with a ice pack and said hold that shit then she back-hand slapped you in the throat with a cheese burger fat boy.

Im on yo shit boy tell me why I caught you in beating your meat to a deformed chicken nugget with then you said you had arachnophobia and sideways slapped the skull of a spider and it lost 7 legs my nigga you nasty as shit.

My nigga that shit was pure plastic tell me why whenever you play hide and seek you blend in with the dark my nigga they say you have invisbility powers they be calling you the fantastic NIGGA-MAN.

Tell me why I caught you mixing cocoa puffs inside a piece of french toast bread my nigga you nasty as shit i caught yo ass trynna join the AKATSUKI and whenever they asked what you do you said you give the best BJS in the block my nigga. 

Shut up nigga you nasty as shit im really finna get on yo shit I caught you fucking a sonic plushie you weird ass nigga then you got slapped in the back of the head by mongraal you nasty ass nigga im on yo shit.
Tell me why everytime you go in the shower you bite your soap to see the different flavors nasty ass nigga i saw you going outside and you looked at the sun and thought it was a yellow skittle my nigga im on yo shit boy. 

Shut up bitch you made your dog listen to Lil Peep then he started to try to OverDose my nigga you nasty as fuck you threatened to DDos your teacher because she gave you homework on a friday night you bum ass nigga.

My nigga tell me why you look like my Ark character my nigga im really gonna get on yo blocky shaped head ass my nigga you retarded ass bitch you really dirty ass fuck my nigga tell me why i saw you beating to shark boy and lava girl costumes at Toys R US nigga.

Im finna get to flaming on yo shit my nigga tell me why I caught you singing little einsteins rocket ship but the UK drill version my nigga i walked in your room and you was singing “we’re going on a trip to my favorite paigan strip” you nasty ass boy.

Shut up nigga tell me why your 4 year old cousin came out of her room and you started singing “Drop dead gorgeous” Foul ass nigga im on yo shit you thomas the train body built ass nigga tell me why your head is shaped like an oreo my nigga.

Tell me why your grandpa injected horse piss inside his legs and when i asked him why he said for horse-power my nigga you bout dirty ass shit you retarded ass nigga you got fruit-flies as pets my nigga.

You dumb as fuck nigga tell me why you went to a resteraunt and they asked you for your favorite food and you said leaves and twigs bum ass nigga i caught you playing twister with your retarded chihuaha nigga. 

You got the biggest underwear my nigga you a retarded professional fortnite player my nigga I saw your grandpa eating waterbottles and he was chasing a mythic squirrel my nigga.

Shut the fuck up you nasty as nigga i caught you playing spin the bottle with a gatorade cap my nigga you nasty as shit i saw you playing with racoons in your tree-house bitch.

Tell me why I saw you listening to travis scott without autotune then you got your grandma’s voice box and started beat boxing to skrillex you nasty as shit.

Alright my nigga im finna get to baking on yo shit my nigga you nasty as shit boy tell me why I saw you recycling monster cans to make a AK-47 my nigga i back-hand slapped you with a cup of whale sperm and you had a juice world moment nasty ass nigga.

Shut up bitch tell me why you flipped over a chair then sat on each of the legs my nigga you nasty as fuck boy tell me why i caught you eating expired fritos on a piece of aluminum foil fat boy.

Shut up my nigga tell me why you looked at the back of Welchs and started meditating because it said 100 percent concentration my nigga your grandma overdosed on ethanol my nigga.

Tell me why you were dm advertising a fruit drink my nigga you was going in dms saying “Cranberry… Every fruit’s best friend!” nasty ass nigga you bout dirty ass shit my boy.

Bum ass nigga you really dirty ass shit my boy you shower with dirt and swallow tic-tacs with coke my nigga you dirty ass nigga you eat ant-piles and drink acid my nigga you dirty as shit.
                                                                
Alright my nigga you look like bobby shmurda if he was a 3’6 tall midget you nasty as shit my nigga im really finna i get on yo star-dust snorting ass you fat ass nigga you retarded as fuck my nigga you gag on your dads 2 millimiter defeater nigga.


Short Jokes Section
